Add VectorPostprocessingCapability for functor + mesh division + reduction (#26099)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/vectorpostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor.md

instead of hard-coding a reduction, it can perform several operations like element integrations, averages, or the search
for an extrema.

For example, this object is strictly equivalent to a [NearestPointIntegralVariablePostprocessor.md] with:
- a variable for its [!param](/VectorPostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor/functors) parameter
- a [NearestPositionsDivision.md] for its [!param](/VectorPostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor/mesh_division) parameter (and the Positions object should be selected to match the points wanted for the nearest-point regions)
- and 'integral' for the [!param](/VectorPostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor/reduction) parameter

## Out-of-bounds behavior

If there are no elements within the subdomains of the `MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor`
for some of the bins of the user-specified [!param](/VectorPostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor/mesh_division),
the returned value of the reduction will be:

- 0 for an average and an integral reduction

> - the maximum floating point number (near `1e300`) for a minimum

Author: ```suggestion
- the maximum floating point number (a very large positive number, depending on the `Real` floating point number type used) for a minimum
```

> - the minimum floating point number (near `-1e300`) for a maximum

Reviewer: should specify what floating point type you're referring to

Reviewer: You may alternatively just not specify the number since `Real` can change depending on the libMesh configuration

> - the minimum floating point number (near `-1e300`) for a maximum

Author: ```suggestion
- the minimum floating point number (minus the number mentioned above) for a maximum
```

> - the maximum floating point number (a very large positive number, depending on the `Real` floating point number type used) for a minimum

Author: this probably means the test suite would fail with a different number used :S

If there are elements within the subdomains of the `MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor` that
are outside the user-specified [!param](/VectorPostprocessors/MeshDivisionFunctorReductionVectorPostprocessor/mesh_division),

> a warning will be output and the element will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a warning will be output and the elements will be ignored.
```
